A story for the demo (#345)
itchysats/10101: docs/stories/demo.md

# 10101 Demo

We decided to publish a separate demo post so [the pitch](https://makers.bolt.fun/story/10101-pitch--441) can stay concise and focus on being a pitch 😉

> In this demo post that showcases what we have built and how we got there so you get a better idea of how we work and our values.

Reviewer: Sentence reads a bit weird. Are you trying to pack all `what we have built`, `who we are` and `our values` into one sentence?

Author: > Are you trying to pack all what we have built, who we are and our values into one sentence?

Note really :D - I just re-worded the sentence three times and that did not go well :)

## We did it! - The demo

10101 is a mobile Lightning wallet, that offers non-custodial trading services.
The app-demo showcases how we integrate multiple services, with CFD trading being the first service that we implement.

> We did a public demo where we showcase the app live, [here's the recording](https://rumble.com/v1wr04i-10101-demo.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We did a public demo where we showcase the app, [here's the recording](https://rumble.com/v1wr04i-10101-demo.html).
```

> Below the most important steps of the demo are showcased as gifs.

Reviewer: A verb is missing
```suggestion
Below are the most important steps of the demo are showcased as gifs.
```

> As with every self-sovereign Lightning wallet upon startup the wallet will prompt the user to make sure to create a wallet backup:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As with every self-sovereign Lightning wallet upon startup the wallet will prompt the user to make sure to create a backup of their seed phrase:
```

TODO: GIF

In order to start using the wallet the user must be in possession of Bitcoin.
The users needs to deposit Bitcoin into the wallet and open an initial channel to be part of the network.
We step the user through this process one action at the time.

First the user is prompted to deposit Bitcoin:

TODO: GIF

The user sends funds to the wallet's Bitcoin address.

> Once the wallet picked up the funding the user is prompted to open a channel with the `10101` maker:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the wallet picked up the transaction the user is prompted to open a channel with the `10101` maker:
```

TODO: GIF

> The user's Lightning node running on the mobile phone opens a channel with the maker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The user's Lightning node running on the mobile phone opens a channel with the our `10101` Lightning node.
```

> The maker doubles the amount the user puts in, so that both sides are funded in preparation for using non-custodial trading protocols.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We double the amount the user puts in, so that both sides are funded in preparation for using non-custodial trading protocols.
```

> In the future we see a P2P marketplace here, where `10101` acts as an enabler to connect (automated) market-makers and app-users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the future we see a P2P marketplace here, where `10101` acts as an enabler to connect to others and trade P2P.
```

> Once a channel was established the user can open a CFD position over the channel with the `10101` maker:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once a channel was established the user can open a CFD position over the channel with the `10101` node:
```

TODO: GIF

The user can close the position into the channel distributing the fund according to the profit/loss of the CFD position:

TODO: GIF

## How did we get there? - A bit of history

A bit more than a year ago we started working on [ItchySats](https://www.itchysats.network/), a non-custodial CFD trading solution built using DLCs for the self-sovereign Bitcoiner.

> ItchySats was shipped on Umberl, raspiblitz, Citadel, MyNode and Start9 - but we never had the feeling that we were driving adoption enough.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ItchySats is available on Umberl, raspiblitz, Citadel, MyNode and Start9 - but we never had the feeling that we were driving adoption enough.
```

> This could be so much more.

Reviewer: What do you mean with `This` in this sentence?
```suggestion
This could be so much more.
```

Author: I wanted to express that we already saw that we can do more, that we want make this better, that ItchySats could be so much more (...). But I'm not sure this sentence adds much value. I'll just remove it :)
